README.md, before:

# Useful tools
## First publishing (December 2021)
**This repo contains some useful tools, written in Java/C++/C.**

 _It's my first, personal, public repository on GitHub, but I_
 _have already contributed on a number of other public repository._

> ***VCMT-RAND (TOOL 1)***

**Generate a vector or a square matrix of integer/double and export it on a .csv file.**

![Tool1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49765306/144744198-8dacedb8-6690-4d40-8ee4-bb761c5f6768.PNG)


You can set the range of the number generated, the separator type(; or ,)
and you are also allowed to choose to overwrite or append the results at the end of the file.  
*You will find this tool under the folder "Rand CSV Generator".*

**This tool uses a lot of RAM during the results generation.**

| Tool 1 Features   |      State      |
|-------------------|:---------------:|
| App feedback | ✔️|
| Base functionality| ✔️|
| Single-line generator| ✔️|
| Multi-line generator | ✔️|
| Works with -(x) values (INTs MODE)| ✔️|
| customized user settings | ✔️|

Commit message:

Readme updated
Added description of tool 2

README.md, after:

# Useful tools
## First publishing (December 2021)
**This repo contains some useful tools, written in Java/C++/C.**

 _It's my first, personal, public repository on GitHub, but I_
 _have already contributed on a number of other public repository._

### ***VCMT-RAND (TOOL 1)***

**Generate a vector or a square matrix of integer/double and export it on a .csv file.**

![Tool1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49765306/144744198-8dacedb8-6690-4d40-8ee4-bb761c5f6768.PNG)

You can set the range of the number generated, the separator type(; or ,)
and you are also allowed to choose to overwrite or append the results at the end of the file.  
*You will find this tool under the folder "Rand CSV Generator".*

**This tool uses a lot of RAM during the results generation.**

| Tool 1 Features   |      State      |
|-------------------|:---------------:|
| App feedback | ✔️|
| Base functionality| ✔️|
| Single-line generator| ✔️|
| Multi-line generator | ✔️|
| Works with -(x) values (INTs MODE)| ✔️|
| customized user settings | ✔️|


## Second publishing (February 2022)
Small update of the previous published version.
### ***IP Network Checker (TOOL 2)***
**Check if the IPs are in the right network**

![Net Checker](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49765306/155028617-0d3bc08e-bb4f-4520-ac90-faa50e68fc9d.PNG)

You should insert a valid IP and a valid Subnet Mask. This program will return 
the network ip (net name), and the broadcast ip address.
This is a restyle of an old application that I deployed at the of November, but I've never published it.
This tool is intended for educational purposes (because is a bit poor of functionality).
If you're an expert, obviously, you should avoid this tool.
